there's a strong sense of identity among
Palestinian children like these who were
born refugees in
Lebanon and the constant reminders of
the reality of those living in
Gaza these children are sharing the
Pains of their brethren in the strip
some of whom have been writing their
names on their bodies so they can be
identified if they are killed in Israeli
attacks many are dying many are injured
and hospitals don't have the means to
help them they're not eating and
drinking the messages from here are to
the children of
Gaza this one sends hope others Express
the right of Palestinians to live in
peace the war has taken an emotional
toll even on those watching from
afar 13-year-old La says he feels
helpless
massacre massacre massacre that's all we
hear about every day I'm very sad my
heart is dark I can't describe this
feeling I hope that these massacres
stop H salm runs this educational
institution he shows us what children
here right about it's the voices from
Gaza did anyone see my mother my parents
are body parts we are not given the
chance to grow
up they are living the massacres they
hear their parents talk about it they
see it on TV on social media so we are
trying to help them to express
themselves they're using this space to
try to lift their spirits and escape the
realities around
them it's not just the war on Gaza
affecting these children they have known
little other than a life of displacement
poverty and an uncertain future
and it is an uncertain time for
Palestinians who believe their state and
them as a people are being wiped
out I don't want my children to be blind
that's why I let them know and I let
them watch what's happening these are my
people being killed and at the end we
will return to Gaza over 10,000 children
and infants have so far been killed in
Gaza thousands more have life-changing
injuries but messages here are not just
ones of
solidarity there is Defiance zah Al jaaz
badai refugee camp Northern Lebanon